LICENSE
README.md
setup.cfg
setup.py
graphgym/__init__.py
graphgym/checkpoint.py
graphgym/cmd_args.py
graphgym/config.py
graphgym/custom_dataset.py
graphgym/init.py
graphgym/loader.py
graphgym/loader_pyg.py
graphgym/logger.py
graphgym/loss.py
graphgym/model_builder.py
graphgym/model_builder_pyg.py
graphgym/optimizer.py
graphgym/register.py
graphgym/train.py
graphgym/train_pyg.py
graphgym/contrib/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/act/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/act/example.py
graphgym/contrib/config/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/config/example.py
graphgym/contrib/feature_augment/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/feature_augment/example.py
graphgym/contrib/feature_encoder/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/feature_encoder/example.py
graphgym/contrib/head/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/head/example.py
graphgym/contrib/layer/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/layer/attconv.py
graphgym/contrib/layer/example.py
graphgym/contrib/layer/generalconv.py
graphgym/contrib/layer/generalconv_ogb.py
graphgym/contrib/layer/generalconv_v2.py
graphgym/contrib/layer/idconv.py
graphgym/contrib/layer/sageinitconv.py
graphgym/contrib/loader/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/loader/example.py
graphgym/contrib/loss/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/loss/example.py
graphgym/contrib/network/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/network/example.py
graphgym/contrib/optimizer/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/optimizer/example.py
graphgym/contrib/pooling/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/pooling/example.py
graphgym/contrib/stage/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/stage/example.py
graphgym/contrib/train/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/train/example.py
graphgym/contrib/transform/__init__.py
graphgym/contrib/transform/identity.py
graphgym/models/__init__.py
graphgym/models/act.py
graphgym/models/feature_augment.py
graphgym/models/feature_encoder.py
graphgym/models/feature_encoder_pyg.py
graphgym/models/gnn.py
graphgym/models/gnn_pyg.py
graphgym/models/head.py
graphgym/models/head_pyg.py
graphgym/models/layer.py
graphgym/models/layer_pyg.py
graphgym/models/pooling.py
graphgym/models/transform.py
graphgym/utils/__init__.py
graphgym/utils/agg_runs.py
graphgym/utils/comp_budget.py
graphgym/utils/device.py
graphgym/utils/epoch.py
graphgym/utils/io.py
graphgym/utils/plot.py
graphgym/utils/tools.py
iCYPRESS/Cypress.py
iCYPRESS/CytokinesDataSet.py
iCYPRESS/GenesToTissues.csv
iCYPRESS/Visualization.py
iCYPRESS/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/agg_batch.py
iCYPRESS/configs_gen.py
iCYPRESS/main.py
iCYPRESS/main_pyg.py
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL11_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL13_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL14_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL15_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL16_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL17_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL18_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL19_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL20_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL23_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL24_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL25_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL26_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL27_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL28_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL3L1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL3_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL4L2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL4_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL5_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL7_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CCL8_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CD40LG_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CD70_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CKLF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CSF1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CSF2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CSF3_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL10_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL11_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL12_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL13_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL14_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL3_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL5_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL6_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL8_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/CXCL9_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/EGF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/EPO_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/FASLG_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/FLT3LG_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/GDF15_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/HGF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IFNA13_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IFNA1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IFNG_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IFNL1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IFNL2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IFNL3_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL11_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL12A_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL12B_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL13_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL17A_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL17F_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL18_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL19_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL1A_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL1B_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL1F10_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL1RN_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL20_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL22_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL23A_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL26_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL31_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL34_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL36RN_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL37_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL3_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL4_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL5_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL6_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL7_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/IL9_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/LIF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/OSM_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/PDGFA_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/PDGFB_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/PF4_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/PPBP_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/SPP1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TGFA_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TGFB1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TGFB3_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/THPO_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TMPRSS13_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TNFSF10_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TNFSF11_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TNFSF13B_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TNFSF13_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TNFSF14_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TNFSF18_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TNFSF4_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TNFSF9_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/TNF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/XCL1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/XCL2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Graphs/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL13_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL17_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL19_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL20_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL23_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL24_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL25_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL26_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL27_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL3L1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL3_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL4L2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL4_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL5_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL7_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CCL8_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CD40LG_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CD70_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CKLF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CSF1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CSF2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CXCL10_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CXCL11_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CXCL12_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CXCL13_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CXCL14_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CXCL2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CXCL8_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/CXCL9_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/EGF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/FASLG_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/FLT3LG_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/HGF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IFNG_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IFNL1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL11_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL12A_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL12B_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL18_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL19_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL1B_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL1RN_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL23A_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL26_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL34_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL3_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL4_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL5_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL6_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/IL7_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/LIF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/OSM_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/PDGFB_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/PF4_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/PPBP_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/SPP1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TGFA_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TGFB1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TGFB3_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TNFSF10_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TNFSF11_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TNFSF13B_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TNFSF13_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TNFSF14_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TNFSF9_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/TNF_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/XCL1_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/XCL2_graph.csv
iCYPRESS/Modified Graphs/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/configs/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/configs/example_custom.yaml
iCYPRESS/configs/IDGNN/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/configs/design/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/configs/example_custom_grid_example_custom/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/configs/example_grid_example/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/configs/pyg/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/datasets/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/grids/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/grids/IDGNN/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/grids/design/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/grids/pyg/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/results/__init__.py
iCYPRESS/sample/__init__.py
iCypress.egg-info/PKG-INFO
iCypress.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
iCypress.egg-info/__init__.py
iCypress.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
iCypress.egg-info/requires.txt
iCypress.egg-info/top_level.txt